Final doc update (#2011)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/installation/windows.md

## Build Requirements

- Microsoft Visual C++ 2017 or newer (MS Build Tools also works)

> - CMake 3.10 or newer(CMake should be newer than the Visual Studio and Boost version you are using)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CMake 3.10 or newer (CMake should be newer than the Visual Studio and Boost version you are using)
```

To set up your environment:

1.  Install Microsoft Visual C++ 2017 or newer (2019 or later is recommended)[MSVC](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
2.  Install
    [Boost](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_74_0/more/getting_started/windows.html)
    [Windows downloads](https://dl.bintray.com/boostorg/release/1.74.0/binaries/)

>     1.67 or later recommended (core library should build with 1.58,
>     but tests and web interface will not). For CMake to detect it automatically either
>     extract Boost to the root of your drive, or set the `BOOST_INSTALL_PATH`
>     environment variable to the install location. The CMake will only automatically find
>     boost 1.58 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.67 or later recommended. For CMake to detect it automatically either
    extract Boost to the root of your drive, or set the `BOOST_INSTALL_PATH`
    environment variable to the install location. The CMake will only automatically find
    Boost 1.67 or newer.
```

CMake only automatically finds Boost 1.67+; I don't think we have builds with 1.58 anymore, so maybe best not to mention it to avoid people trying, or if they do they're on their own?

>     Building with Visual Studio 2017 will require boost 1.67 or newer and CMake 3.15+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Building with Visual Studio 2017 will require boost 1.67 or newer and CMake 3.10+
```

Earlier it says CMake 3.10+ is required -- either this or the earlier line should be updated.

    if you need MPI support.
5.  _Optional_ Install
    [SWIG](http://www.swig.org/download.html)

>     if you wish to generate the interface libraries, appropriate build files are included in the repository so it shouldn't be necessary to regenerate unless the libraries are modified. If you want to generate the MATLAB interface a modified version of swig is necessary see [MATLAB Swig](../introduction/matlab). For Matlab and Java swig is not necessary. For Octave, and C\# swig install is necessary. The simplest way to install swig is to use [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) and use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if you wish to generate the interface libraries for MATLAB and Java, appropriate build files are included in the repository so it shouldn't be necessary to regenerate unless the libraries are modified. If you do need to regenerate the MATLAB interface a modified version of swig is necessary, see [MATLAB Swig](../introduction/matlab). For Octave and C\# a swig install is necessary. The simplest way to install swig is to use [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) and use
```
